[metadata] update metadat docs for streaming metadata (#76282)
vercel/next.js: docs/01-app/04-api-reference/04-functions/generate-metadata.mdx

}
```

#### Streaming Metadata

Starting from v15.2, metadata returned by `generateMetadata` will be streamed to the client. This allows Next.js to inject metadata into the HTML as soon as it's resolved.

Since SEO-focused metadata primarily targets crawler bots, we suspend metadata rendering for human users while keeping it blocking for certain **HTML-limited bots**.

> Some bots, like `Googlebot`, can render pages like headless browser and execute JavaScript, meaning they **don't** require blocking metadata. However, bots like `Twitterbot` **cannot** execute JavaScript while crawling a page—they fall into the **HTML-limited** category.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Some bots, like `Googlebot`, can execute JavaScript and are able to inspect the full page DOM, meaning they **don't** require blocking metadata. However, bots like `Twitterbot` **cannot** execute JavaScript while crawling a page—they fall into the **HTML-limited** category.
```

Next.js automatically detects the user agent of incoming requests to determine whether to serve streaming metadata or fallback to blocking metadata.

> If you need to accommodate additional bots, you can define them manually using the `htmlLimitedBots` option in `next.config.js`. Next.js will ensure these specified bots receive blocking metadata when requesting your web page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you need to customize this list, you can define them manually using the `htmlLimitedBots` option in `next.config.js`. Next.js will ensure user agents matching this regex receive blocking metadata when requesting your web page.
```

```js filename="next.config.js"
module.exports = {
  htmlLimitedBots: 'MySpecialBot|MyAnotherSpecialBot|SimpleCrawler',
}
```

## Version History

| Version   | Changes                                                                                                                                                 |
| --------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |

> | `v15.2.0` | `generateMetadata` becomes non-blocking during initial rendering and navigation.                                                                        |

Reviewer: maybe we say something like:

> Introduced streaming support to `generateMetadata`
